.github/dependabot.yml @c-dilks
.github/generate-codeowners.rb @c-dilks
.github/workflows/maven.yml @c-dilks @baltzell
.github/workflows/validation.yml @c-dilks @baltzell
.gitignore @baltzell @naharrison @drewkenjo <Peter EJ Davies> @c-dilks @miho <dcpayette>
.mailmap @baltzell
CODEOWNERS @c-dilks
README.md @naharrison @c-dilks @baltzell
bin/bg-merger @baltzell @c-dilks @raffaelladevita
bin/bos2hipo @baltzell @c-dilks @naharrison
bin/cvt-compare @c-dilks @raffaelladevita
bin/daqEventViewer @baltzell @c-dilks @naharrison
bin/dclayereffs-ana @baltzell @c-dilks
bin/decoder @baltzell @c-dilks @naharrison @raffaelladevita
bin/dict-generator @c-dilks @raffaelladevita
bin/dict-maker @baltzell @raffaelladevita @c-dilks <Veronique Ziegler>
bin/dict-merger @c-dilks @raffaelladevita
bin/dict-validator @c-dilks @raffaelladevita
bin/dst-maker @baltzell
bin/env.sh @c-dilks @baltzell @raffaelladevita
bin/evio-viewer @baltzell @c-dilks @naharrison
bin/evio2hipo @baltzell @raffaelladevita @c-dilks @naharrison
bin/eviocure @baltzell @c-dilks @gavalian
bin/eviodump @baltzell @c-dilks @naharrison
bin/hipo-add @c-dilks
bin/hipo-browser @baltzell @c-dilks
bin/hipo-diff @c-dilks @baltzell
bin/hipo-json @c-dilks @baltzell
bin/hipo-utils @baltzell @c-dilks @gavalian @naharrison @raffaelladevita
bin/postprocess @baltzell @c-dilks
bin/rebuild-scalers @baltzell @c-dilks
bin/recon-util @baltzell @c-dilks @raffaelladevita
bin/run-groovy @c-dilks @baltzell @naharrison
bin/run-groovysh @c-dilks
bin/run-jshell @c-dilks <jwgibbs>
bin/trigger-filter @baltzell @c-dilks @raffaelladevita
bin/trigger-splitter @baltzell @c-dilks @raffaelladevita
build-coatjava.sh @raffaelladevita @naharrison @baltzell @drewkenjo @gavalian <Veronique Ziegler> <dcpayette> @c-dilks <Rafayel Paremuzyan>
build-javadocs.sh @baltzell
common-tools/README.md @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/build.sh @naharrison
common-tools/clara-io/pom.xml @baltzell @raffaelladevita <dependabot[bot]>
common-tools/clara-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/clara/Clas12Types.java @baltzell
common-tools/clara-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/clara/EvioToEvioReader.java @baltzell
common-tools/clara-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/clara/EvioToEvioWriter.java @baltzell
common-tools/clara-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/clara/HipoToHipoReader.java @baltzell
common-tools/clara-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/clara/HipoToHipoWriter.java @baltzell
common-tools/clara-io/src/main/resources/org/jlab/io/clara/EvioToEvioReader.yaml @baltzell
common-tools/clara-io/src/main/resources/org/jlab/io/clara/EvioToEvioWriter.yaml @baltzell
common-tools/clara-io/src/main/resources/org/jlab/io/clara/HipoToHipoReader.yaml @baltzell
common-tools/clara-io/src/main/resources/org/jlab/io/clara/HipoToHipoWriter.yaml @baltzell
common-tools/clas-analysis/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/eventmerger/ADCTDCMerger.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/eventmerger/EventMerger.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/eventmerger/EventMergerConstants.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/eventmerger/EventMergerEnum.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/eventmerger/FilterBankSize.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/eventmerger/FilterFcup.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/eventmerger/FilterTrigger.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/eventmerger/RandomTriggerFilter.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/eventmerger/RandomTriggerSplit.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/eventmerger/SortedWriterUtils.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/math/ClasMath.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/physics/CLAS12Event.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/physics/CLAS12Particle.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/physics/TestEvent.java @raffaelladevita @naharrison <marmstr4>
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/plotting/H1FCollection1D.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/plotting/H1FCollection2D.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/plotting/H1FCollection3D.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/plotting/H2FCollection1D.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/plotting/H2FCollection2D.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/plotting/TCanvasP.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/plotting/TCanvasPTabbed.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/postprocess/RebuildScalers.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/postprocess/Tag1ToEvent.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/roads/Dictionary.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/roads/DictionaryCreator.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/roads/DictionaryGenerator.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/roads/DictionaryMerger.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/roads/DictionaryValidator.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/roads/README.md @raffaelladevita @c-dilks
common-tools/clas-analysis/src/main/java/org/jlab/analysis/roads/Road.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-detector/doc/Scaler\ information\ in\ CLAS12\ 2018\ data.docx @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison @gavalian <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/banks/FilteredBank.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/banks/RawBank.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/banks/RawDataBank.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/base/DetectorCollection.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/base/DetectorDescriptor.java @baltzell @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/base/DetectorLayer.java @raffaelladevita @afilippi67 @forcar @baltzell <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/base/DetectorOccupancy.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/base/DetectorType.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell @afilippi67 @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/base/GeometryFactory.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @drewkenjo @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/calib/tasks/CalibrationEngine.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/calib/tasks/CalibrationEngineTask.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/calib/tasks/CalibrationEngineView.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/calib/utils/CalibrationConstants.java @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/calib/utils/CalibrationConstantsListener.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/calib/utils/CalibrationConstantsView.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/calib/utils/ConstantsManager.java @baltzell @gavalian @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/calib/utils/DatabaseConstantProvider.java @baltzell @gavalian @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/calib/utils/RCDBConstants.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/calib/utils/RCDBProvider.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/decode/AbsDetectorDataDecoder.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/decode/CLASDecoder.java @raffaelladevita @gavalian @drewkenjo @naharrison @baltzell @forcar @mdefurne <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/decode/CLASDecoder4.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita @gavalian <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/decode/CodaEventDecoder.java @raffaelladevita @gavalian @baltzell @forcar @drewkenjo @fbossu @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler> @mholtrop @mdefurne
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/decode/DetectorBankDgtz.java @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/decode/DetectorDataDecoder.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/decode/DetectorDataDgtz.java @raffaelladevita @gavalian @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/decode/DetectorDataFilter.java @gavalian @baltzell @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/decode/DetectorDecoderDebug.java @gavalian @baltzell @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/decode/DetectorDecoderView.java @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/decode/DetectorEventDecoder.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell @drewkenjo @gavalian @forcar @fxgirod @Guillaum-C @mdefurne @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/decode/ExtendedFADCFitter.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/decode/FADCData.java @gavalian @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/decode/IFADCFitter.java @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/decode/MVTFitter.java <Veronique Ziegler> @Guillaum-C @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/epics/Epics.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/epics/EpicsSequence.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/examples/DaqPulsePlotter.java @raffaelladevita @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/examples/DataContainers.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/examples/DetectorTiming.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/examples/RawEventViewer.java @gavalian @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/helicity/DecoderBoardTest.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/helicity/DecoderBoardUtil.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/helicity/HelicityAnalysisSimple.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/helicity/HelicityBit.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/helicity/HelicityGenerator.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/helicity/HelicityInterval.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/helicity/HelicityPattern.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/helicity/HelicitySequence.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/helicity/HelicitySequenceDelayed.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/helicity/HelicitySequenceManager.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/helicity/HelicityState.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/helicity/SequenceUtil.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/scalers/DaqScaler.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/scalers/DaqScalers.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/scalers/DaqScalersSequence.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/scalers/Dsc2Scaler.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/scalers/StruckScaler.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/scalers/StruckScalers.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/swaps/SwapManager.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/swaps/SwapTable.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/view/DetectorListener.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/view/DetectorPane2D.java @drewkenjo <Justin Goodwill> @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/view/DetectorShape2D.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/view/DetectorView2D.java <Justin Goodwill> @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/view/ViewWorld.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/view/ViewerTests.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-detector/src/test/java/org/jlab/detector/base/DetectorDescriptorTest.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler> @gavalian
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/BSTGeant4Factory.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/DCGeant4Factory.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/ECGeant4Factory.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/FTOFGeant4Factory.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/CoordinateSystem.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/DetectorHit.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/DetectorId.java @mathieuouillon @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/G4Volume.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/G4VolumeMap.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/Showable.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/abs/AbstractComponent.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/abs/AbstractDetector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/abs/AbstractLayer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/abs/AbstractSector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/abs/AbstractSuperlayer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/abs/MeshComponent.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/base/Component.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/base/ConstantProvider.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/base/Detector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/base/DetectorTransformation.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/base/Factory.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/base/Layer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/base/Sector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/base/Superlayer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/component/DriftChamberWire.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/component/PrismaticComponent.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/component/RectangularComponent.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/component/ScintillatorMesh.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/component/ScintillatorPaddle.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/component/SiStrip.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/component/TrackerStrip.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/alert/AHDC/AlertDCDetector.java @mathieuouillon
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/alert/AHDC/AlertDCFactory.java @mathieuouillon
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/alert/AHDC/AlertDCLayer.java @mathieuouillon
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/alert/AHDC/AlertDCSector.java @mathieuouillon
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/alert/AHDC/AlertDCSuperlayer.java @mathieuouillon
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/alert/AHDC/AlertDCWire.java @mathieuouillon
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/alert/AHDC/ConcaveComponent.java @mathieuouillon
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/alert/ATOF/AlertTOFDetector.java @mathieuouillon
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/alert/ATOF/AlertTOFFactory.java @mathieuouillon
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/alert/ATOF/AlertTOFLayer.java @mathieuouillon
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/alert/ATOF/AlertTOFSector.java @mathieuouillon
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/alert/ATOF/AlertTOFSuperlayer.java @mathieuouillon
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/bst/BSTDetector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/bst/BSTFactory.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/bst/BSTLayer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/bst/BSTRing.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/bst/BSTSector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/bst/BSTSuperlayer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/cnd/CNDDetector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/cnd/CNDFactory.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/cnd/CNDLayer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/cnd/CNDSector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/cnd/CNDSuperlayer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/dc/DCDetector.java @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/dc/DCFactory.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/dc/DCFactoryUpdated.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/dc/DCLayer.java @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/dc/DCSector.java @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/dc/DCSuperlayer.java @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/dc/DriftChamber.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/dc/Layer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/dc/Region.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/dc/Sector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/dc/Superlayer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ec/ECDetector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ec/ECDetectorDraw.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ec/ECFactory.java @raffaelladevita @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ec/ECLayer.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ec/ECSector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ec/ECSuperlayer.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/fmt/FMTDetector.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/fmt/FMTFactory.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/fmt/FMTLayer.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/fmt/FMTSector.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/fmt/FMTSuperlayer.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ft/FTCALDetector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ft/FTCALFactory.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ft/FTCALLayer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ft/FTCALSector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ft/FTCALSuperlayer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ftof/FTOFDetector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ftof/FTOFDetectorMesh.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ftof/FTOFFactory.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ftof/FTOFLayer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ftof/FTOFLayerMesh.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ftof/FTOFSector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ftof/FTOFSectorMesh.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ftof/FTOFSuperlayer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ftof/FTOFSuperlayerMesh.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ftof/ForwardTOF.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ftof/Paddle.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ftof/Panel.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/detector/ftof/Sector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/fx/DetectoMesh2DViewApp.java-BAK @baltzell
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/fx/DetectorEventHandler.java-BAK @baltzell
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/fx/DetectorMesh2D.java-BAK @baltzell
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/fx/DetectorMesh2DCanvas.java-BAK @baltzell
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/fx/DetectorMesh2DLayer.java-BAK @baltzell
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/fx/DetectorTabView.java-BAK @baltzell
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/fx/Mesh3D.java-BAK @baltzell
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/fx/PopupText.java-BAK @baltzell
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/geant/G4BaseVolume.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/geant/G4Material.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/geant/G4Trd.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/geant/Geant4Basic.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/geant/Geant4Box.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/geant/Geant4Mesh.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/geant/GemcTestProgram.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/geant/IG4Volume.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/geant/IGeant4Volume.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gemc/GemcBank.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gemc/GemcDetector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gemc/GemcHit.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gemc/GemcMaterial.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gemc/GemcPropertyMap.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gemc/GemcPropertyMaps.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gui/DetectorComponentUI.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gui/DetectorLayerPanel.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gui/DetectorLayerUI.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gui/DetectorShape3D.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gui/DetectorShape3DPanel.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gui/DetectorShape3DStore.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gui/DetectorViewPanel.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gui/GeometryFrame.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gui/GeometryPanel.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gui/GeometryProfiler.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gui/IDetectorComponentSelection.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/gui/IDetectorShapeIntensity.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Arc3D.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Camera3D.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Cylindrical3D.java @raffaelladevita @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Face3D.java @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Helix3D.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Line3D.java @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Mesh3D.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Path3D.java @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Plane3D.java @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Point3D.java @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Region3D.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Sector3D.java @raffaelladevita @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Shape3D.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Sphere3D.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Transformable.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Transformation3D.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Trap3D.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Triangle3D.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/prim/Vector3D.java @gavalian @baltzell @naharrison <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/view/Box3D.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/view/GeometryView.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/view/ShapeObject.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/view/ShapePath.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/view/ShapePoint.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/view/UniverseCoordinateSystem.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-geometry/src/main/java/org/jlab/geom/view/UniverseScene.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @gavalian @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/base/BasicDataBank.java @gavalian @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/base/BasicDataDescriptor.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/base/DataBank.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/base/DataDescriptor.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/base/DataDictionary.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/base/DataEntryType.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/base/DataEvent.java @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/base/DataEventList.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/base/DataEventStore.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/base/DataEventType.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/base/DataFactory.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/base/DataSource.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/base/DataSourceType.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/base/DataSync.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/bos/BankDescriptorXML.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/bos/BankDictionaryXML.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/bos/BankEntryXML.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/bos/BosBankHeader.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/bos/BosBankStructure.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/bos/BosDataBank.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/bos/BosDataDescriptor.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/bos/BosDataDictionary.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/bos/BosDataEvent.java @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/bos/BosDataSource.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioDataBank.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioDataBucket.java @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioDataChain.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioDataDescriptor.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioDataDescriptorEntry.java @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioDataDictionary.java @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioDataEvent.java @raffaelladevita @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioDataEventHandler.java @gavalian @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioDataSync.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioDataWritter.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioDescriptor.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioDictionary.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioETSource.java @gavalian @forcar @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioETSync.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioEventList.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioFactory.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioRingSource.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioSource.java @baltzell @drewkenjo @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/evio/EvioTreeBranch.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/hipo/HipoDataBank.java @gavalian @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/hipo/HipoDataDescriptor.java @gavalian @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/hipo/HipoDataDictionary.java @gavalian @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/hipo/HipoDataEvent.java @gavalian @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/hipo/HipoDataSource.java @gavalian @baltzell @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/hipo/HipoDataSourceSorted.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/hipo/HipoDataSync.java @gavalian @baltzell @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/hipo/HipoRingSource.java @gavalian @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/hipo3/Hipo3DataBank.java @gavalian
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/hipo3/Hipo3DataDescriptor.java @gavalian
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/hipo3/Hipo3DataDictionary.java @gavalian
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/hipo3/Hipo3DataEvent.java @gavalian
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/hipo3/Hipo3DataSource.java @gavalian
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/hipo3/Hipo3DataSync.java @gavalian
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/hipo3/Hipo3RingSource.java @gavalian
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/ring/DataDistributionRing.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/ring/DataRingProducer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/stream/EvioInputStream.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/stream/EvioOutputStream.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/stream/EvioStreamObject.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/task/DataSourceProcessor.java @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/task/DataSourceProcessorPane.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita @forcar @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/task/IDataEventListener.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/ui/BankEntryMasks.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/ui/BasicDialog.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/ui/ConnectionDialog.java @raffaelladevita @gavalian @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/ui/ConnectionDialogHipo.java @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/ui/DataBankPanel.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/ui/DialogUtilities.java @c-dilks @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/utils/Bos2Evio.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/utils/Bos2EvioConvertor.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/utils/Bos2EvioEventBank.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/utils/Bos2EvioPartBank.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/utils/Bos2HipoEventBank.java @drewkenjo @huckb @gavalian @baltzell @naharrison <huckb>
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/utils/CompositeFormatReader.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/utils/DataSourceDump.java @baltzell @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/utils/DetectorBank.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/utils/DictionaryLoader.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/utils/Evio2HipoConverter.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/utils/EvioCure.java @baltzell @gavalian
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/utils/EvioDataConvertor.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/utils/EvioFileRecover.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/utils/EvioFileUtils.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/io/utils/HipoFileUtils.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/BoardDecoderVSCM.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/BoardRecordVSCM.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/CLASResources.java @drewkenjo @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/ClaraYaml.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/EtProducer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/FileUtils.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/HipoDiff.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/JsonUtils.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/StringUtils.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/TablePrintout.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/resources/icons/media/edit-task_24px.png @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/resources/icons/media/pause_24px.png @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/resources/icons/media/play_24px.png @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/resources/icons/media/themes/default/etring-20x20.png @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/resources/icons/media/themes/default/next-20x20.png @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/resources/icons/media/themes/default/play-20x20.png @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/resources/icons/media/themes/default/stop-20x20.png @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/resources/icons/media/themes/thin/eject-24x24.png @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/resources/icons/media/themes/thin/etring-24x24.png @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/resources/icons/media/themes/thin/next-24x24.png @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/resources/icons/media/themes/thin/pause-24x24.png @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/resources/icons/media/themes/thin/play-24x24.png @naharrison
common-tools/clas-io/src/main/resources/icons/media/themes/thin/previous-24x24.png @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/.gitignore @drewkenjo
common-tools/clas-jcsg/LICENSE.txt @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/README.md @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/THIRDPARTY-LICENSE.txt @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @drewkenjo <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison <dependabot[bot]>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/resources/screenshot1.png @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/resources/screenshot2.png @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Bounds.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/CSG.java @drewkenjo @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Cube.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Cylinder.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Edge.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Extrude.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/FileUtil.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Intersection.java @drewkenjo @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Main.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Matrix3d.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/MeshContainer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Modifier.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Node.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ObjFile.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Plane.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Polygon.java @drewkenjo @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Polyhedron.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Primitive.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/PropertyStorage.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/RoundedCube.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/STL.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Sphere.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Transform.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/UnityModifier.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/VFX3DUtil.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Vector3d.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/Vertex.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/WeightFunction.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/XModifier.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/YModifier.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ZModifier.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/imagej/STLLoader.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/importers/Importer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/importers/Importer3D.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/importers/ImporterFinder.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/importers/Optimizer.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/importers/SmoothingGroups.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/importers/Validator.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/importers/obj/FloatArrayList.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/importers/obj/IntegerArrayList.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/importers/obj/MtlReader.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/importers/obj/ObjImporter.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/importers/obj/ObjOrPolyObjImporter.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/importers/obj/PolyObjImporter.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/shape3d/PolygonMesh.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/shape3d/PolygonMeshView.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/shape3d/SubdivisionMesh.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/shape3d/symbolic/OriginalPointArray.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/shape3d/symbolic/SubdividedPointArray.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/shape3d/symbolic/SymbolicPointArray.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/shape3d/symbolic/SymbolicPolygonMesh.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/shape3d/symbolic/SymbolicSubdivisionBuilder.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/openjfx/utils3d/DragSupport.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/AdvancingFront.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/AdvancingFrontIndex.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/AdvancingFrontNode.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/AnyToXYTransform.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/ConstrainedPointSet.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/CoordinateTransform.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/DTSweep.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/DTSweepConstraint.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/DTSweepContext.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/DTSweepDebugContext.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/DTSweepPointComparator.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/DelaunayTriangle.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/Edge.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/FloatBufferPoint.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/Matrix3Transform.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/NoTransform.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/Point.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/PointGenerator.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/PointOnEdgeException.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/PointSet.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/Poly2Tri.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/Polygon.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/PolygonGenerator.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/PolygonPoint.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/PolygonSet.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/PolygonUtil.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/TPoint.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/Triangulatable.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/TriangulationAlgorithm.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/TriangulationConstraint.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/TriangulationContext.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/TriangulationDebugContext.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/TriangulationMode.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/TriangulationPoint.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/TriangulationProcess.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/TriangulationProcessEvent.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/TriangulationProcessListener.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/TriangulationUtil.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/Tuple2.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/Tuple3.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/eu/mihosoft/vrl/v3d/ext/org/poly2tri/XYToAnyTransform.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/CTOFGeant4Factory.java @drewkenjo @raffaelladevita @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/DCGeant4Factory.java <Veronique Ziegler> @drewkenjo @raffaelladevita @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/ECGeant4Factory.java @drewkenjo @raffaelladevita @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/FTOFGeant4Factory.java @raffaelladevita @drewkenjo @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/Geant4Factory.java @drewkenjo @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/PCALGeant4Factory.java @drewkenjo @raffaelladevita @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/RICHGeant4Factory.java @gangel85 @raffaelladevita @drewkenjo @naharrison <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/SVT/AlignmentFactory.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/SVT/Matrix.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/SVT/SVTAlignmentFactory.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/SVT/SVTConstants.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/SVT/SVTStripFactory.java <cqplatt> @naharrison @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/SVT/SVTVolumeFactory.java @raffaelladevita @drewkenjo @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/SVT/Util.java @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/SVTGeant4Factory.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/URWELL/URWellConstants.java <mariangela-bondi> @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/URWELL/URWellGeant4Factory.java @raffaelladevita <mariangela-bondi>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geant4/v2/URWELL/URWellStripFactory.java @raffaelladevita <mariangela-bondi>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geom/RICH/RICHComponent.java <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geom/RICH/RICHFrame.java <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geom/RICH/RICHGeoCalibration.java @mcontalb <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geom/RICH/RICHGeoConstants.java <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geom/RICH/RICHGeoFactory.java @mcontalb <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geom/RICH/RICHGeoParameters.java @mcontalb <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geom/RICH/RICHIntersection.java <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geom/RICH/RICHLayer.java @mcontalb <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geom/RICH/RICHLayerType.java <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geom/RICH/RICHPixel.java <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geom/RICH/RICHPixelMap.java <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geom/RICH/RICHRay.java <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geom/dc/DCGeantFactory.java @gavalian @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/geom/dc/GeantFactory.java @gavalian
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/hits/CTOFDetHit.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/hits/DetHit.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/hits/DetId.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/hits/FTOFDetHit.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/hits/PCALDetHit.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/units/Measurement.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/units/SystemOfUnits.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/volume/G4Box.java @drewkenjo @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/volume/G4Operation.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/volume/G4Pgon.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/volume/G4Stl.java @drewkenjo @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/volume/G4Trap.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/volume/G4Trd.java @drewkenjo @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/volume/G4Tubs.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/volume/G4World.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/detector/volume/Geant4Basic.java @drewkenjo @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/geometry/prim/Box.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/geometry/prim/Line3d.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/geometry/prim/LineSegment3d.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/geometry/prim/Operation.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/geometry/prim/Pgon.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/geometry/prim/Ray3d.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/geometry/prim/StlPrim.java @drewkenjo @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/geometry/prim/Straight.java @drewkenjo @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/geometry/prim/Trap.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/geometry/prim/Trd.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/geometry/prim/Triangle3d.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/geometry/prim/Tube.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/java/org/jlab/geometry/utils/SCAD.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd01.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd02.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd03.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd04.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd05.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd06.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd07.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd08.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd09.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd10.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd11.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd12.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd13.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd14.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd15.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd16.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd17.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd18.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd19.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd20.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd21.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd22.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd23.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd24.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd25.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd26.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd27.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd28.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd29.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd30.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd31.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd32.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd33.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd34.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd35.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd36.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd37.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd38.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd39.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd40.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd41.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd42.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd43.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd44.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd45.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd46.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd47.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgd48.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu01.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu02.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu03.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu04.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu05.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu06.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu07.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu08.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu09.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu10.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu11.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu12.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu13.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu14.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu15.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu16.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu17.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu18.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu19.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu20.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu21.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu22.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu23.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu24.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu25.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu26.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu27.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu28.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu29.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu30.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu31.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu32.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu33.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu34.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu35.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu36.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu37.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu38.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu39.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu40.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu41.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu42.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu43.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu44.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu45.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu46.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu47.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/lgu48.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc01.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc02.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc03.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc04.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc05.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc06.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc07.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc08.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc09.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc10.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc11.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc12.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc13.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc14.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc15.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc16.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc17.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc18.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc19.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc20.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc21.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc22.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc23.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc24.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc25.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc26.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc27.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc28.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc29.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc30.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc31.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc32.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc33.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc34.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc35.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc36.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc37.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc38.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc39.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc40.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc41.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc42.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc43.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc44.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc45.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc46.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc47.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/ctof/cad/sc48.stl @naharrison
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/201_1.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/201_10.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/201_11.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/201_12.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/201_13.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/201_14.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/201_15.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/201_16.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/201_2.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/201_3.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/201_4.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/201_5.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/201_6.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/201_7.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/201_8.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/201_9.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_1.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_10.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_11.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_12.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_13.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_14.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_15.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_16.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_17.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_18.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_19.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_2.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_20.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_21.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_22.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_3.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_4.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_5.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_6.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_7.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_8.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/202_9.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_1.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_10.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_11.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_12.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_13.stl <mcontalb> @gangel85
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_14.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_15.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_16.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_17.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_18.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_19.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_2.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_20.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_21.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_22.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_23.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_24.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_25.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_26.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_27.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_28.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_29.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_3.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_30.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_31.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_32.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_4.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_5.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_6.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_7.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_8.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/203_9.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_1.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_10.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_11.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_12.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_13.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_14.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_15.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_16.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_17.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_18.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_19.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_2.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_20.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_21.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_22.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_23.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_24.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_25.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_26.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_27.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_28.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_29.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_3.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_30.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_31.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_32.stl @gangel85
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_4.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_5.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_6.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_7.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_8.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/204_9.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/301_1.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/301_2.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/301_3.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/301_4.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/301_5.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/301_6.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/301_7.stl @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/302_1.stl <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/302_10.stl <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/302_2.stl <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/302_3.stl <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/302_4.stl <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/302_5.stl <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/302_6.stl <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/302_7.stl <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/302_8.stl <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/302_9.stl <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/Aluminum.stl @c-dilks @cpecar @gangel85 @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/CFRP.stl <mcontalb> @c-dilks @cpecar @gangel85 @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/MirrorSupport.stl @c-dilks @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/RICH_s4.stl @cpecar @gangel85 <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-jcsg/src/main/resources/rich/cad/TedlarWrapping.stl @c-dilks @gangel85 @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-jcsg/test @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-logging/pom.xml @baltzell @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-logging/src/main/java/org/jlab/logging/DefaultLogger.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-logging/src/main/resources/org/jlab/logging/debug.properties @baltzell
common-tools/clas-logging/src/main/resources/org/jlab/logging/logging.properties @baltzell
common-tools/clas-math/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-math/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/clas/math/FastMath.java <Tongtong Cao> <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-math/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/clas/math/Icecore.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-math/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/clas/math/Icecore2.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-math/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/clas/math/Kappa.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-math/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/clas/math/Riven.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-math/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/clas/math/Test.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-physics/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/pdg/PDGDatabase.java @raffaelladevita @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/pdg/PDGParticle.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/pdg/PhysicsConstants.java @baltzell @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/EventFilter.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/LorentzVector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/Particle.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/ParticleFinder.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/ParticleGenerator.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/ParticleList.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/ParticleNotFoundException.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/PhysicsEvent.java @drewkenjo @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/PhysicsKinematics.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/Vector3.java @baltzell @fxgirod @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/reactions/DecayKinematics.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/reactions/IDecay.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/reactions/TransMatrix.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/reactions/TwoBodyDecay.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/analysis/EventOperator.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/analysis/GenericEventOperator.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/analysis/PhysicsAnalysis.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/analysis/PhysicsDataObject.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/base/DimensionSpace.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/base/EventOperation.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/base/EventSelector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/base/IEventFilter.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/base/IPhysicsCut.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/base/ParameterSpace.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/base/ParticleSelector.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/base/ParticleStringParser.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/base/PhaseSpace.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/fw/IPhysicsCrossSection.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/fw/IPhysicsObservable.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/io/DataManager.java @gavalian
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/io/LundReader.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/oper/PhysicsCutDescriptor.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/oper/PhysicsEventOperator.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/oper/PhysicsEventProcessor.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/oper/PhysicsHistogramDescriptor.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/oper/PhysicsParticleDescriptor.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/process/DVCSProcess.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/process/IPhysicsProcess.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/main/java/org/jlab/physics/process/KinematicsFactory.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/test/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/LorentzVectorTest.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/test/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/ParticleTest.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-physics/src/test/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/Vector3Test.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-reco/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/CalorimeterResponse.java @baltzell @josnewton @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/CherenkovResponse.java @baltzell @josnewton @naharrison
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/DetectorData.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita @josnewton @naharrison
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/DetectorEvent.java @baltzell @josnewton @raffaelladevita @naharrison
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/DetectorHeader.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/DetectorParticle.java @baltzell @josnewton @raffaelladevita @naharrison
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/DetectorParticlePOCA.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/DetectorParticleStatus.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/DetectorParticleTraj.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/DetectorResponse.java @baltzell @josnewton @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/DetectorResponseComparators.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/DetectorResponseFactory.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/DetectorTrack.java @baltzell @josnewton @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/RingCherenkovResponse.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita <mcontalb>
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/ScintillatorResponse.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita @josnewton
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/TaggerResponse.java @baltzell @josnewton
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/matching/AMatch.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/matching/IMatch.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/matching/MatchCND.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/matching/MatchDOCA.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/matching/MatchPOCA.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/matching/MatchThetaPhi.java @baltzell
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/detector/matching/MatchTrajDistance.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/fastmc/Clas12FastMC.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/fastmc/IParticleResolution.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/fastmc/ParticleResolutionCentralIn.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/fastmc/ParticleResolutionCentralOut.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/fastmc/ParticleSwimmer.java @baltzell @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/AnalysisTree.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/DataAnalysis.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/EventTree.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/GenericKinematicFitter.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/physics/RecEvent.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/reco/Clas12Types.java @gavalian @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/reco/EngineProcessor.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell @afilippi67 <Veronique Ziegler> <Noemie Pilleux-LOCAL> @drewkenjo @gavalian @naharrison <Rafayel Paremuzyan>
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/reco/ReconstructionEngine.java @baltzell @gavalian @raffaelladevita @naharrison <Vardan Gyurjyan>
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/reco/io/EvioHipoEvent.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell <dcpayette>
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/reco/io/EvioHipoEvent4.java <dcpayette> @raffaelladevita @baltzell <Efrain Segarra> @afilippi67 @hauenst @gavalian <Rafayel Paremuzyan> <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/reco/io/HipoConvertor.java @raffaelladevita @naharrison
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/reco/io/HipoFileUtils.java @raffaelladevita @naharrison
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/reco/io/ReconstructionIO.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-reco/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/service/DataDistributionService.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-tracking/nbactions.xml <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/pom.xml @baltzell @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/kalmanfilter/AKFitter.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/kalmanfilter/AMeasVecs.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/kalmanfilter/AStateVecs.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/kalmanfilter/AStateVector.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/kalmanfilter/KFCovMatOps.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/kalmanfilter/Material.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/kalmanfilter/Surface.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/kalmanfilter/Type.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/kalmanfilter/Units.java @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/kalmanfilter/helical/KFitter.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/kalmanfilter/helical/MeasVecs.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/kalmanfilter/helical/StateVecs.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/kalmanfilter/straight/KFitter.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/kalmanfilter/straight/MeasVecs.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/kalmanfilter/straight/StateVecs.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/objects/Cross.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/objects/Segment.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/objects/Strip.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/objects/TObject.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/patternrec/CircleHoughTrans.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/patternrec/LineHoughTrans.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/trackrep/Helix.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/trackrep/Seed.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/trackrep/Trajectory.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/utilities/MatrixOps.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/utilities/OverlapRemover.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-tracking/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/tracking/utilities/SelectEventsToFile.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-utils/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/clas-utils/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/benchmark/Benchmark.java @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-utils/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/benchmark/BenchmarkTimer.java @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-utils/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/benchmark/ProgressPrintout.java @naharrison
common-tools/clas-utils/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/data/DataUtils.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-utils/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/groups/IndexedList.java @baltzell @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-utils/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/groups/IndexedTable.java @baltzell @gavalian @naharrison
common-tools/clas-utils/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/groups/IndexedTableViewer.java @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-utils/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/options/OptionParser.java @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/clas-utils/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/options/OptionValue.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/clas-utils/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/system/ClasUtilsFile.java @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-utils/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/system/CommandLineParser.java @baltzell @naharrison
common-tools/clas-utils/src/main/java/org/jlab/utils/system/FileSystemExecScan.java @baltzell
common-tools/cnuphys/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/.gitignore~ @heddle @c-dilks
common-tools/cnuphys/apache/.classpath @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/apache/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/apache/.project @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/cnuphys/pom.xml @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/coatjava/etc/bankdefs/hipo/FMT.json @heddle @raffaelladevita
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/build.xml @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/allclasses-frame.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/allclasses-noframe.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/cnuphys/magfield/Torus.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/cnuphys/magfield/class-use/Torus.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/cnuphys/magfield/package-frame.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/cnuphys/magfield/package-summary.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/cnuphys/magfield/package-tree.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/cnuphys/magfield/package-use.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/constant-values.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/deprecated-list.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/help-doc.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/index-files/index-1.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/index-files/index-2.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/index-files/index-3.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/index-files/index-4.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/index-files/index-5.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/index-files/index-6.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/index.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/overview-tree.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/package-list @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/resources/inherit.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/doc/stylesheet.css @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell <Veronique Ziegler> @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/.classpath @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/.project @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/build.xml @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/bin/.classpath @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/bin/.project @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/bin/build.xml @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/AngularUnit.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/Cell2D.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/Cell3D.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/ColorScaleModel.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/Comparison.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/ComponentZoomer.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/CompositeField.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/CompositeProbe.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/CoordinateSystem.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/FastMath.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/FieldProbe.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/FieldUnit.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/FloatVect.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/GEMCCompare.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/GridCoordinate.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/IComponentZoomable.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/IField.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/IMagField.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/Icecore.java @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/LengthUnit.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/MagTests.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/MagneticField.java @heddle @baltzell <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/MagneticFieldCanvas.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/MagneticFieldChangeListener.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/MagneticFieldInitializationException.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/MagneticFields.java @heddle @baltzell @c-dilks @naharrison @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/MisplacedPanel.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/RotatedCompositeField.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/RotatedCompositeProbe.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/ScaleFieldPanel.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/Solenoid.java @heddle @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/SolenoidProbe.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/StandardSolenoid.java @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/StandardSolenoidProbe.java @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/TestData.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/ToAscii.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/Torus.java @heddle @c-dilks @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/TorusProbe.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/TransverseSolenoid.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/TransverseSolenoidProbe.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/ZeroProbe.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/converter/AsciiReadSupport.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/converter/AsciiReader.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/converter/Converter.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/converter/ConverterSolenoid.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/magfield/src/main/java/cnuphys/magfield/converter/ZFile.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/.classpath @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/.project @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/ExpectedAllTests.xml @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/INSTALL.txt @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/LICENSE.txt @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/NAMES.txt @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/bin/.classpath @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/bin/.project @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/build.xml @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/.classpath @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/.project @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/Complex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/NRUtil.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/RealMultiValueFun.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/RealValueFun.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/RealValueFunWithDiff.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/UniValRealValueFunWithDiff.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/UniVarRealMultiValueFun.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/UniVarRealValueFun.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/bvp/Difeq.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/bvp/Shoot.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/bvp/Shootf.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/bvp/Solvde.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/cg/Box.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/cg/Boxnode.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/cg/Circle.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/cg/Convexhull.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/cg/Delaunay.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/cg/KDtree.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/cg/Minspantree.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/cg/Nearpoints.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/cg/Point.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/cg/Polygon.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/cg/Qotree.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/cg/Sphcirc.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/cg/Triel.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/cg/Voronoi.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ci/Gaumixmod.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ci/HMM.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ci/Kmeans.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ci/Phylagglom.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ci/Phylagglomnode.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ci/Phylo_clc.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ci/Phylo_nj.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ci/Phylo_slc.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ci/Phylo_upgma.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ci/Phylo_wpgma.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ci/Svm.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ci/Svmgausskernel.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ci/Svmgenkernel.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ci/Svmlinkernel.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ci/Svmpolykernel.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/eig/Jacobi.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/eig/Symmeig.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/eig/Unsymmeig.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/example/Bandec_Ex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/example/Chebyshev_Ex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/example/Cholesky_Ex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/example/Cyclic_Ex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/example/FFT_Ex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/example/GaussJordan_Ex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/example/LUdcmp_Ex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/example/Levin_Ex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/example/QRdcmp_Ex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/example/SVD_Ex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/example/Solvde_Ex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/example/Toepltz_Ex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/example/Trigag_Ex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/example/Vander_Ex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/example/Zrhqr_Ex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/example/Zroots_Ex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fe/Chebyshev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fe/Dfridr.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fe/Epsalg.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fe/Eulsum.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fe/Levin.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fe/Poly.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fe/Ratfn.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fft/FFT.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fft/WrapVecDoub.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fi/Adapt.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fi/DErule.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fi/GaussianWeights.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fi/Midexp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fi/Midinf.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fi/Midpnt.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fi/Midsql.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fi/Midsqu.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fi/NRf1.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fi/NRf2.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fi/NRf3.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fi/Quadrature.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fi/Stiel.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/fi/Trapzd.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/BaryRat_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/Base_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/Bilin_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/Curve_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/Krig.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/Laplace_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/Linear_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/PolCoef.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/Poly2D_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/Poly_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/Powvargram.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/RBF_fn.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/RBF_gauss.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/RBF_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/RBF_inversemultiquadric.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/RBF_multiquadric.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/RBF_thinplate.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/Rational_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/Shep_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/Spline2D_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/interp/Spline_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/inv/Fred2.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/inv/Quad_matrix.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/inv/Volterra.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/inv/Wwghts.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/la/ADAT.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/la/Bandec.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/la/Cholesky.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/la/GaussJordan.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/la/LUdcmp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/la/Linbcg.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/la/NRsparseCol.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/la/NRsparseLinbcg.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/la/NRsparseMat.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/la/QRdcmp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/la/SVD.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/la/Toepltz.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/la/Tridag.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/la/Vander.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/lna/Arithcode.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/lna/Gray.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/lna/Huffcode.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/lna/Icrc.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/lna/MParith.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/lna/Machar.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/lna/PSpage.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/lna/PSplot.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/Amebsa.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/Amoeba.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/Anneal.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/Bracketmethod.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/Brent.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/Dbrent.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/Df1dim.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/Dlinemethod.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/Dynpro.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/F1dim.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/Frprmn.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/Funcd.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/Golden.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/Linemethod.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/Powell.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/QuasiNewton.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/min/StringAlign.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/model/FGauss.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/model/Fitab.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/model/Fitexy.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/model/Fitlin.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/model/Fitmed.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/model/Fitmrq.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/model/Fitsvd.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/model/MultiFuncd.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/model/Plog.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/model/Proposal.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/model/State.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ode/DerivativeInf.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ode/Hypderiv.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ode/Odeint.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ode/Output.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ode/StepperBS.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ode/StepperBase.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ode/StepperDopr5.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ode/StepperDopr853.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ode/StepperRoss.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ode/StepperSie.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ode/StepperStoerm.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ode/Stochsim.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/pde/Mgfas.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/pde/Mglin.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/pde/Relaxation.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/pde/Weights.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Binomialdev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Cauchydev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Expondev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Gammadev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Hash.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/HashAll.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Hashfn1.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Hashfn2.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Hashtable.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Logisticdev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/MCintegrate.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Mhash.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Miser.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Multinormaldev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Normaldev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Normaldev_BM.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Poissondev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Primpolytest.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Ran.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Ranbyte.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Ranfib.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Ranhash.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Ranlim32.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Ranq1.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Ranq2.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/Sobol.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/ran/VEGAS.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/root/MNEWT.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/root/NRfdjac.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/root/NRfmin.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/root/Roots.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Bessel.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Bessik.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Bessjy.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Beta.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Betadist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Binomialdist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Cauchydist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Chisqdist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Elliptic.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Erf.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Expondist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Fdist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Fermi.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Gamma.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Gammadist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Gauleg18.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Hypergeo.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Integrals.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/KSdist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Legendre.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Logisticdist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Lognormaldist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Normaldist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Poissondist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sf/Studenttdist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sort/EClass.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sort/EquivalenceInf.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sort/Heapselect.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sort/IQagent.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sort/Indexx.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sort/Sorter.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sp/BartlettWin.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sp/Daub4.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sp/Daub4i.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sp/Daubs.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sp/DftInt.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sp/Fourier.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sp/Hann.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sp/Slepian.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sp/Slepwindow.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sp/Spectolap.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sp/Spectreg.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sp/SquareWin.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sp/Wavelet.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sp/WelchWin.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/sp/WindowFun.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/stat/Moment.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/stat/Quadvl.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/stat/QuadvlInf.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/stat/SavitzkyGolayFilter.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/stat/Stattests.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/src/com/nr/util/Calendar.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/AllTests.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/NRTestUtil.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter1/Test_caldat.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter1/Test_flmoon.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter1/Test_julday.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter10/Test_Amebsa.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter10/Test_Amoeba.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter10/Test_Anneal.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter10/Test_Bracketmethod.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter10/Test_Brent.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter10/Test_Dbrent.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter10/Test_Frprmn.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter10/Test_Golden.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter10/Test_Linemethod.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter10/Test_Powell.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter10/Test_dfpmin.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter10/Test_dynpro.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter10/Test_fdfunc.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter10/Test_stringalign.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter11/Test_Jacobi.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter11/Test_Symmeig.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter11/Test_Unsymmeig.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter12/Test_WrapVecDoub.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter12/Test_cosft1.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter12/Test_cosft2.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter12/Test_four1.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter12/Test_fourfs.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter12/Test_fourn.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter12/Test_realft.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter12/Test_rlft3.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter12/Test_sinft.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_Daub4.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_Daub4i.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_Daubs.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_Hann.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_Slepian.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_Spectolap.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_Spectreg.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_Square.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_bartlett.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_convlv.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_correl.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_dftint.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_evlmem.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_fasper.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_fixrts.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_memcof.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_period.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_predic.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_spread.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_welch.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_wt0.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter13/Test_wtn.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_avevar.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_chsone.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_chstwo.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_cntab.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_crank.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_ftest.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_kendl1.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_kendl2.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_ks2d1s.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_ks2d2s.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_ksone.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_kstwo.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_moment.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_pearsn.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_quadct.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_quadvl.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_savgol.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_spear.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_tptest.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_ttest.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter14/Test_tutest.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter15/Test_Fitab.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter15/Test_Fitexy.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter15/Test_Fitlin.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter15/Test_Fitmed.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter15/Test_Fitmrq.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter15/Test_Fitsvd.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter15/Test_fleg.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter15/Test_fpoly.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter15/Test_mcmc.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter16/Test_Gaumixmod.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter16/Test_HMM.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter16/Test_Kmeans.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter16/Test_Phylo_clc.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter16/Test_Phylo_nj.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter16/Test_Phylo_slc.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter16/Test_Phylo_upgma.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter16/Test_Phylo_wpgma.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter16/Test_Svm.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter16/Test_markovgen.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter16/Test_newick.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter17/Test_StepperBS.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter17/Test_StepperDopr5.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter17/Test_StepperDopr853.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter17/Test_StepperRoss.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter17/Test_StepperSie.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter17/Test_StepperStoerm.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter17/Test_Stochsim.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter17/Test_rk4.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter18/Test_Shoot.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter18/Test_Shootf.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter18/Test_Solvde.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter18/Test_sfroid.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter19/Test_Fred2.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter19/Test_Fredex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter19/Test_Wwghts.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter19/Test_voltra.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter2/Test_ADAT.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter2/Test_Bandec.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter2/Test_Cholesky.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter2/Test_LUdcmp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter2/Test_Linbcg.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter2/Test_NRsparseCol.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter2/Test_NRsparseMat.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter2/Test_QRdcmp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter2/Test_SVD.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter2/Test_cyclic.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter2/Test_gaussj.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter2/Test_mprove.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter2/Test_toeplz.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter2/Test_tridag.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter2/Test_vander.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter20/Test_Mgfas.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter20/Test_Mglin.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter20/Test_sor.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter20/Test_weights.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_Box.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_Boxnode.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_Circle.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_Convexhull.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_Delaunay.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_KDtree.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_Minspantree.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_Nearpoints.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_Point.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_Qotree.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_Sphcirc.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_Triel.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_Voredge.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_Voronoi.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_circumcircle.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_dist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_incircle.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_ispolysimple.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter21/Test_polywind.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter22/Test_Arithcode.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter22/Test_Gray.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter22/Test_Huffcode.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter22/Test_Icrc.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter22/Test_MParith.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter22/Test_Machar.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter22/Test_PSpage.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter22/Test_PSplot.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter22/Test_decchk.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter3/Test_BaryRat_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter3/Test_Bilin_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter3/Test_Curve_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter3/Test_Krig.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter3/Test_Laplace_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter3/Test_Linear_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter3/Test_Poly2D_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter3/Test_Poly_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter3/Test_RBF_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter3/Test_Rat_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter3/Test_Shep_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter3/Test_Spline2D_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter3/Test_Spline_interp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter3/Test_bcuint.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter3/Test_polcoe.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter3/Test_polcof.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_Adapt.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_Stiel.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_derule.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_gaucof.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_gauher.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_gaujac.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_gaulag.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_gauleg.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_lobatto.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_midexp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_midinf.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_midpnt.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_midsql.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_midsqu.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_qgaus.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_qromb.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_qromo.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_qsimp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_qtrap.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_quad3d.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_radau.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter4/Test_trapzd.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter5/Test_Chebyshev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter5/Test_Epsalg.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter5/Test_Eulsum.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter5/Test_Levin.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter5/Test_Poly.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter5/Test_Ratfn.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter5/Test_ddpoly.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter5/Test_dfridr.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter5/Test_ipcshft.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter5/Test_levex.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter5/Test_pade.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter5/Test_pcshft.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter5/Test_poldiv.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter5/Test_ratlsq.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Bessel.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Bessik.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Bessjy.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Betadist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Binomialdist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Cauchydist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Chisqdist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Erf.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Expondist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Fdist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Fermi.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Gamma.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Gammadist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_KSdist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Logisticdist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Lognormaldist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Normaldist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Poissondist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_Studenttdist.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_beta.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_betai.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_bico.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_cisi.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_dawson.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_ei.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_elle.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_ellf.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_ellpi.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_erfcc.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_expint.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_factln.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_factrl.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_frenel.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_gammln.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_hypgeo.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_invxlogx.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_plegendre.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_rc.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_rd.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_rf.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_rj.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter6/Test_sncndn.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Binomialdev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Cauchydev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Expondev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Gammadev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Hash.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Hashtable.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Logisticdev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_MCintegrate.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Mhash.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Multinormaldev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Normaldev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Normaldev_BM.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Poissondev.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Primpolytest.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Ran.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Ranbyte.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Ranfib.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Ranhash.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Ranlim32.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Ranq1.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_Ranq2.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_hashall.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_mcmc.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_miser.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_psdes.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_sobseq.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter7/Test_vegas.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter8/Test_Heapselect.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter8/Test_IQagent.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter8/Test_Indexx.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter8/Test_eclass.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter8/Test_eclazz.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter8/Test_hpsort.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter8/Test_piksr2.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter8/Test_piksrt.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter8/Test_select.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter8/Test_selip.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter8/Test_shell.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter8/Test_sort.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter8/Test_sort2.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_broydn.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_laguer.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_lnsrch.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_mnewt.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_newt.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_qroot.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_rtbis.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_rtflsp.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_rtnewt.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_rtsafe.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_rtsec.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_zbrac.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_zbrak.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_zbrent.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_zrhqr.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_zriddr.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/numRec/test/com/nr/test/test_chapter9/Test_zroots.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/parent/pom.xml @baltzell <dependabot[bot]> @naharrison @heddle @c-dilks
common-tools/cnuphys/pom.xml @heddle @baltzell @naharrison @c-dilks
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/build.xml @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/doc/The\ Simple\ Noise\ Removal.docx @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/doc/snr.pdf @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/pom.xml @heddle @baltzell @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/.classpath @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/.project @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/bin/.classpath @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/bin/.project @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/Adjacency.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/ExtendedWord.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/NoiseReductionParameters.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/SNRAnalysisLevel.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/SNRCluster.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/SNRClusterFinder.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/SegmentStartList.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/WireList.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/clas12/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/clas12/Clas12Constants.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/clas12/Clas12NoiseAnalysis.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/clas12/Clas12NoiseResult.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/test/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/test/BasicStroke.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/test/ChamberTest.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/test/DetectorTest.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/test/HitTest.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/test/LineStyle.java @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/test/NoiseTest.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/test/TestParameters.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/test/TestSupport.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/snr/src/main/java/cnuphys/snr/test/TrackTest.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/.classpath @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/.project @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/build.xml @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/Thumbs.db @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/blankimage.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/box_zoom.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/box_zoomcursor.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/box_zoomenabled.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/camera.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/center.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/centercursor.png @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/centerenabled.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/cnuicon.png @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/crosshair16x16.png @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/delete.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/edit.png @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/lassofunnel.png @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/lassofunnelenabled.png @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/lassorect.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/lassorectenabled.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/minusBox.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/minusBoxSub.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/pan.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/panenabled.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/plusBox.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/pointer.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/pointer13.png @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/pointercursor.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/pointerenabled.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/polylineenabled.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/printer.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/refresh.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/undo_zoom.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/world.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/zoom_in.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/images/zoom_out.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/pom.xml @heddle @baltzell @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/.classpath @heddle @c-dilks
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/.project @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/build.xml @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/AxesLimitsPanel.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/ButtonPanel.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/ColorDialog.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/ColorLabel.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/ColorPanel.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/CurveDataModel.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/CurveEditorDialog.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/CurveEditorPanel.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/CurveTable.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/DataEditor.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/DialogUtilities.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/IColorChangeListener.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/OneAxisLimitsPanel.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/PlotPreferencesDialog.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/SimpleDialog.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/edit/VerticalFlowLayout.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/AExample.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/APlotDialog.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/AnotherGaussian.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/ErfTest.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/ErfcTest.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/Gaussians.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/Grid.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/GrowingHisto.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/Histo.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/Histo2D.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/LineWithXAndYErrors.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/MemoryUsageDialog.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/OneXThreeY.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/Scatter.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/StraightLine.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/StripChart.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/TripleGaussian.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/TwoHisto.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/example/TwoLinesWithErrors.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/ANonlinearFit.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/AltPolynomialFit.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/CubicSpline.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/ErfFit.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/ErfcFit.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/FErf.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/FErfc.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/FGaussPoly.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/FGaussian.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/FPoly.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/Fit.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/FitEditorPanel.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/FitHold.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/FitType.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/FitUtilities.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/GaussianFit.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/IValueGetter.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/LineFit.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/LinearExyFit.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/PolyAndGaussianFit.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/PolyFit.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/fit/Polynomial.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/pdata/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/pdata/DataChangeListener.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/pdata/DataColumn.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/pdata/DataColumnType.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/pdata/DataSet.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/pdata/DataSetException.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/pdata/DataSetType.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/pdata/DataTable.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/pdata/GrowableArray.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/pdata/Histo2DData.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/pdata/HistoData.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/pdata/NiceScale.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/pdata/StripData.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/APreferencePanel.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/ColorScaleModel.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/CommonBorder.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/CurveDrawer.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/DataDrawer.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/DoubleFormat.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/Draggable.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/DraggableRectangle.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/Environment.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/ExtraText.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/FloatingLabel.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/GeneralPlotParamPanel.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/Gradient.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/GraphicsUtilities.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/HorizontalLine.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/ImageManager.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/Legend.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/LimitsMethod.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/PlotCanvas.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/PlotGrid.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/PlotGridDialog.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/PlotLine.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/PlotPanel.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/PlotParameters.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/PlotPopupMenu.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/PlotTicks.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/PrintUtilities.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/SplotMenus.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/StripChartPanel.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/TextFieldSlider.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/UnicodeSupport.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/VerticalLabelUI.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/VerticalLine.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/plot/X11Colors.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/rubberband/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/rubberband/IRubberbanded.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/rubberband/Rubberband.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/style/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/style/EnumComboBox.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/style/IStyled.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/style/LineStyle.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/style/StyleEditorPanel.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/style/Styled.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/style/SymbolDraw.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/style/SymbolType.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/toolbar/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/toolbar/CommonToolBar.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/toolbar/IToolBarListener.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/toolbar/ToolBarButton.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/toolbar/ToolBarToggleButton.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/splot/src/main/java/cnuphys/splot/xml/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/build.xml @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/allclasses-frame.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/allclasses-noframe.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/integrator/IDerivative.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/integrator/IStepper.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/integrator/class-use/IDerivative.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/integrator/class-use/IStepper.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/integrator/package-frame.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/integrator/package-summary.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/integrator/package-tree.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/integrator/package-use.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/lund/GeneratedParticleRecord.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/lund/ISwimmer.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/lund/LundId.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/lund/LundSupport.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/lund/class-use/GeneratedParticleRecord.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/lund/class-use/ISwimmer.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/lund/class-use/LundId.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/lund/class-use/LundSupport.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/lund/package-frame.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/lund/package-summary.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/lund/package-tree.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/lund/package-use.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/rk4/RungeKutta4.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/rk4/class-use/RungeKutta4.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/rk4/package-frame.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/rk4/package-summary.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/rk4/package-tree.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/rk4/package-use.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/swim/SwimTrajectory.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/swim/Swimmer.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/swim/class-use/SwimTrajectory.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/swim/class-use/Swimmer.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/swim/package-frame.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/swim/package-summary.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/swim/package-tree.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/cnuphys/swim/package-use.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/constant-values.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/deprecated-list.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/help-doc.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/index-files/index-1.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/index-files/index-10.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/index-files/index-11.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/index-files/index-2.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/index-files/index-3.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/index-files/index-4.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/index-files/index-5.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/index-files/index-6.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/index-files/index-7.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/index-files/index-8.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/index-files/index-9.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/index.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/overview-frame.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/overview-summary.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/overview-tree.html @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/package-list @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/resources/inherit.gif @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/doc/stylesheet.css @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @heddle <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @c-dilks
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/.classpath @heddle @c-dilks <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/.project @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/AAdaptiveStopper.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/AdaptiveCylinderStopper.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/AdaptiveDefaultStopper.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/AdaptiveLineStopper.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/AdaptivePlaneStopper.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/AdaptiveRhoStopper.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/AdaptiveSStopper.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/AdaptiveSphereStopper.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/AdaptiveStepResult.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/AdaptiveSwimException.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/AdaptiveSwimResult.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/AdaptiveSwimUtilities.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/AdaptiveSwimmer.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/AdaptiveZStopper.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/ButcherAdvance.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/IAdaptiveAdvance.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/IAdaptiveStopper.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/RK4HalfStepAdvance.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/geometry/Constants.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/geometry/Cylinder.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/geometry/Line.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/geometry/Plane.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/geometry/Point.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/geometry/Sphere.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/geometry/Vector.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/test/AdaptiveBeamlineSwimTest.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/test/AdaptiveResultDiff.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/test/AdaptiveSectorSwimTest.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/test/AdaptiveTests.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/test/InitialValues.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/test/LineTestPlotGrid.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/adaptiveSwim/test/ZTestPlotGrid.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/bin/.classpath @heddle @c-dilks <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/bin/.project @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/bin/cnuphys/lund/.gitignore @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/bin/cnuphys/rk4/.gitignore @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/bin/cnuphys/swim/.gitignore @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/bin/cnuphys/swimZ/.gitignore @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/AsciiReadSupport.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/AsciiReader.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/DoubleFormat.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/GeneratedParticleRecord.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/HeaderRenderer.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/LundComboBox.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/LundFileSupport.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/LundId.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/LundStyle.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/LundSupport.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/LundTrackDialog.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/SimpleRenderer.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/SwimTrajectoryListener.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/TrajectoryRowData.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/TrajectoryTable.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/TrajectoryTableModel.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/lund/X11Colors.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/rk4/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/rk4/ButcherTableau.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/rk4/DefaultStopper.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/rk4/IAdvance.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/rk4/IDerivative.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/rk4/IRkListener.java @c-dilks @heddle @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/rk4/IStopper.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/rk4/RkTest.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/rk4/RungeKutta.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/rk4/RungeKuttaException.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/rk4/RungeKuttaZ.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/BeamLineStopper.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/Bxdl.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/DefaultCylinderStopper.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/DefaultDerivative.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/DefaultListener.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/DefaultPlaneStopper.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/DefaultRhoStopper.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/DefaultSwimStopper.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/DefaultZStopper.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/Example.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/IProjector.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/NewPlaneStopper.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/NumStepStopper.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/SectorDerivative.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/SwimMenu.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/SwimTrajectory.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/SwimTrajectory2D.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/Swimmer.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @baltzell @naharrison @raffaelladevita
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/Swimming.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/TrajectoryCompare.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/util/Plane.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/util/SerialIO.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/util/TerminalPlot.java @c-dilks @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/util/TrajectorySummary.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swim/util/VectorSupport.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimZ/.gitignore @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimZ/SectorSwimZDerivative.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimZ/SwimZ.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimZ/SwimZDerivative.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimZ/SwimZException.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimZ/SwimZRange.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimZ/SwimZResult.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimZ/SwimZStateVector.java @heddle @c-dilks @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimZ/SwimZTest.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimtest/CreateTestTrajectories.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimtest/RandomData.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimtest/SectorTest.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimtest/SmallDZTest.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimtest/SwimTest.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimtest/SwimTestData.java @heddle
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimtest/TestTrajectories.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/cnuphys/swimmer/src/main/java/cnuphys/swimtest/ThreadTest.java @heddle <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/coat-lib/deployDistribution.sh @raffaelladevita @baltzell @gavalian @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/coat-lib/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @drewkenjo @gavalian
common-tools/coat-lib/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/package-info.java @naharrison
common-tools/parent/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @drewkenjo @gavalian
common-tools/swim-tools/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/swim-tools/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/swimtools/MagFieldsEngine.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @baltzell
common-tools/swim-tools/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/swimtools/ProbeCollection.java <Veronique Ziegler>
common-tools/swim-tools/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/swimtools/Swim.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @heddle
common-tools/swim-tools/src/main/java/org/jlab/clas/swimtools/Swimmer.java <Veronique Ziegler> @baltzell @raffaelladevita <Vardan Gyurjyan>
docs/javadoc/.gitignore @baltzell
docs/javadoc/index.html @baltzell
etc/bankdefs/clas12/BAND.xml @hauenst <Efrain Segarra>
etc/bankdefs/clas12/BMT.xml @c-dilks @naharrison @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
etc/bankdefs/clas12/BST.xml @naharrison @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/clas12/CLAS6DST.xml @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/clas12/CLAS6EVENT.xml @gavalian @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/clas12/CND.xml @raffaelladevita @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/clas12/CTOF.xml @raffaelladevita @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/clas12/CVT.xml @c-dilks @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/clas12/DC.xml @c-dilks @fxgirod @naharrison @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/clas12/EC.xml @c-dilks @naharrison @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/clas12/FLUX.xml @gangel85
etc/bankdefs/clas12/FMT.xml @naharrison @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
etc/bankdefs/clas12/FT.xml @raffaelladevita @c-dilks @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/clas12/FTOF.xml @raffaelladevita @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/clas12/GenPart.xml @raffaelladevita @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/clas12/HEADER.xml @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/clas12/HTCC.xml @raffaelladevita @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/clas12/LTCC.xml @naharrison @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
etc/bankdefs/clas12/RECEVENT.xml @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/clas12/RICH.xml @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/clas12/RTPC.xml <dcpayette> @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/clas12/SEB.xml @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/clas12/SIMEVENT.xml @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/clas12/URWELL.xml @c-dilks @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/clas6/CLAS6_BOS_Dictionary.xml @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/hipo/BAND.json @hauenst @c-dilks <Efrain Segarra>
etc/bankdefs/hipo/BMT.json <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/hipo/BST.json @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/hipo/CLAS6EVENT.json @gavalian @naharrison @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/hipo/CND.json @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @baltzell <Rong Wang>
etc/bankdefs/hipo/CVT.json <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/hipo/DATA.json @raffaelladevita @drewkenjo @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
etc/bankdefs/hipo/DC.json <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @c-dilks @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/hipo/DETECTOR.json @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/hipo/ECAL.json @gavalian @naharrison @raffaelladevita @c-dilks
etc/bankdefs/hipo/EVENT.json @baltzell @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @josnewton @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/hipo/FMT.json @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
etc/bankdefs/hipo/FT.json @raffaelladevita @afilippi67 @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/hipo/HEADER.json @raffaelladevita @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/hipo/HTCC.json @naharrison @markovnick @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/hipo/LTCC.json @naharrison @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/hipo/MC.json @raffaelladevita <Rafayel Paremuzyan>
etc/bankdefs/hipo/RICH.json @raffaelladevita @drewkenjo @gangel85 @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/hipo/RTPC.json <dcpayette>
etc/bankdefs/hipo/TOF.json @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/alert.json @mathieuouillon <mpaolone>
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/band.json @hauenst @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/bmt.json @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/bst.json @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/clas6event.json @huckb @gavalian @raffaelladevita <huckb>
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/cnd.json @raffaelladevita @ajhobart @c-dilks
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/cvt.json @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/data.json @raffaelladevita @baltzell @gavalian <dcpayette> <mpaolone> @c-dilks <Noemie Pilleux-LOCAL> <Veronique Ziegler>
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/dc.json @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/dcnn.json <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/ecal.json @c-dilks @forcar @gavalian @baltzell <Rafayel Paremuzyan>
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/event-ai.json @baltzell @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/event.json @baltzell @raffaelladevita @gavalian
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/fmt.json @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/ft.json @afilippi67 @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/header.json @baltzell @raffaelladevita @gavalian
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/htcc.json @gavalian
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/ltcc.json @gavalian
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/mc.json <Rafayel Paremuzyan> @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/neuralnetwork.json @gavalian @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/raster.json @raffaelladevita
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/rich.json @raffaelladevita <mcontalb> @mcontalb
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/rtpc.json <dcpayette> @mathieuouillon
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/tof.json @raffaelladevita @c-dilks @gavalian
etc/bankdefs/hipo4/urwell.json @raffaelladevita @c-dilks
etc/bankdefs/util/bankSplit.py @raffaelladevita @baltzell @afilippi67 <rtysonCLAS12> @hauenst @mathieuouillon <Efrain Segarra> <mcontalb> <mpaolone>
etc/benchmarks/results_combined.csv @naharrison
etc/benchmarks/results_fastmath.csv @naharrison
etc/benchmarks/results_math.csv @naharrison
etc/benchmarks/results_reco_dc.csv @naharrison
etc/data/keystore/jlab.keystore @drewkenjo
etc/ejml/ejmlclas12.network @raffaelladevita @gavalian
etc/logging/debug.properties @baltzell
etc/logging/logging.properties @baltzell
etc/nnet/dc_negative.nnet @gavalian
etc/nnet/dc_positive.nnet @gavalian
etc/nnet/neuroph/trackClassifier.nnet @gavalian
etc/nnet/neuroph/trackFixer.nnet @gavalian
etc/services/README.md @baltzell @c-dilks
etc/services/data-ai.yaml @raffaelladevita @baltzell <Veronique Ziegler>
etc/services/data-aicv.yaml @raffaelladevita @baltzell <Veronique Ziegler>
etc/services/data-cv.yaml @baltzell
etc/services/dcalign.yaml @raffaelladevita @baltzell
etc/services/denoise.yaml @baltzell @raffaelladevita
etc/services/eb.yaml @baltzell @raffaelladevita
etc/services/kpp.yaml @raffaelladevita @baltzell <Veronique Ziegler>
etc/services/mc-ai.yaml @baltzell
etc/services/mc-aicv.yaml @baltzell
etc/services/mc-cv.yaml @baltzell
etc/services/swaps.yaml @baltzell @raffaelladevita
external-dependencies/jclara-4.3-SNAPSHOT.jar @baltzell
install-clara @baltzell
maven-settings.xml @baltzell @raffaelladevita
parent/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell <dependabot[bot]> @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks
pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/alert/pom.xml @baltzell @raffaelladevita @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/Banks/RecoBankWriter.java @mathieuouillon <mpaolone>
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/Cluster/Cluster.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/Cluster/ClusterFinder.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/Distance/CircleFitPars.java @c-dilks @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/Distance/CircleFitter.java @c-dilks @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/Distance/Distance.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/HelixFit/HelixFitJava.java @c-dilks @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/HelixFit/HelixFitObject.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/Hit/Hit.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/Hit/HitReader.java @baltzell @mathieuouillon <mpaolone>
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/Hit/TrueHit.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/HoughTransform/HoughTransform.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/KalmanFilter/Hit.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/KalmanFilter/Hit_beam.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/KalmanFilter/Indicator.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/KalmanFilter/KFitter.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/KalmanFilter/KalmanFilter.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/KalmanFilter/MaterialMap.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/KalmanFilter/Propagator.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/KalmanFilter/RungeKutta4.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/KalmanFilter/Stepper.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/PreCluster/PreCluster.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/PreCluster/PreClusterFinder.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ahdc/Track/Track.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/alert/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/service/AHDCEngine.java @mathieuouillon <efuchey> <mpaolone>
reconstruction/band/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @c-dilks <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/band/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/band/banks/HitReader.java @hauenst <Efrain Segarra> @baltzell <Efrain Patrick Segarra> @c-dilks @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/band/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/band/banks/RecoBankWriter.java @hauenst <Efrain Segarra> @raffaelladevita @c-dilks <Efrain Patrick Segarra> @baltzell
reconstruction/band/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/band/constants/CalibrationConstantsLoader.java <Efrain Segarra> @hauenst <Efrain Patrick Segarra> @raffaelladevita @c-dilks <Reynier Cruz Torres>
reconstruction/band/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/band/constants/Parameters.java <Efrain Segarra> @hauenst @c-dilks @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/band/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/band/hit/BandHit.java <Efrain Segarra> @hauenst @c-dilks @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/band/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/band/hit/BandHitCandidate.java @hauenst <Efrain Segarra> <Efrain Patrick Segarra>
reconstruction/band/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/band/hit/BandHitFinder.java @hauenst <Efrain Segarra> <Efrain Patrick Segarra> @raffaelladevita <Reynier Cruz Torres>
reconstruction/band/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/band/BANDEngine.java <Efrain Segarra> @hauenst <Efrain Patrick Segarra> @c-dilks @baltzell @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/cnd/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks
reconstruction/cnd/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cnd/banks/HitReader.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell @c-dilks <Pierre Chatagnon> <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cnd/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cnd/banks/RecoBankWriter.java @ajhobart @c-dilks <Pierre Chatagnon> @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> <ajhobart>
reconstruction/cnd/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cnd/cluster/CNDCluster.java @ajhobart @c-dilks <Rong Wang>
reconstruction/cnd/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cnd/cluster/CNDClusterFinder.java @ajhobart <ajhobart> @c-dilks <Rong Wang>
reconstruction/cnd/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cnd/constants/CalibrationConstantsLoader.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @ajhobart @c-dilks <Pierre Chatagnon> <ajhobart>
reconstruction/cnd/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cnd/constants/Parameters.java <Pierre Chatagnon> <ajhobart> @c-dilks <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cnd/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cnd/hit/CndHit.java @raffaelladevita @ajhobart @c-dilks <Veronique Ziegler> <ajhobart>
reconstruction/cnd/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cnd/hit/CndHitFinder.java <Pierre Chatagnon> @raffaelladevita <ajhobart> <Veronique Ziegler> <Silvia Nicolai>
reconstruction/cnd/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cnd/hit/CvtGetHTrack.java <Pierre Chatagnon> @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks
reconstruction/cnd/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cnd/hit/HalfHit.java @raffaelladevita @c-dilks <Pierre Chatagnon> <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cnd/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/cnd/CNDCalibrationEngine.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell @ajhobart <Rong Wang> <Veronique Ziegler> <Pierre Chatagnon> @c-dilks
reconstruction/cvt/nbactions.xml <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @drewkenjo
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/Constants.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @baltzell @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/Geometry.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/banks/HitReader.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/banks/RecoBankReader.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/banks/RecoBankWriter.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @fbossu @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/bmt/BMTConstants.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/bmt/BMTGeometry.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/bmt/BMTType.java <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/bmt/CCDBConstantsLoader.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @baltzell @fbossu
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/bmt/Lorentz.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/cluster/Cluster.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/cluster/ClusterFinder.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/cross/Cross.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @fbossu @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/cross/CrossList.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/cross/CrossMaker.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/cross/HelixCrossListFinder.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/cross/StraightTrackCrossListFinder.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/fit/CircleCalcPars.java @c-dilks <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/fit/CircleCalculator.java <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/fit/CircleFitPars.java <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/fit/CircleFitter.java <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/fit/CosmicFitPars.java <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/fit/CosmicFitter.java <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/fit/HelicalTrackFitPars.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/fit/HelicalTrackFitter.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @fbossu @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/fit/LineFitPars.java <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/fit/LineFitter.java <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/fit/StraightTrackFitter.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/hit/ADCConvertor.java <Veronique Ziegler> @fbossu @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/hit/Hit.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/hit/Strip.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/measurement/MLayer.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/measurement/Measurements.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/services/CVTEngine.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> <Noemie Pilleux-LOCAL> @baltzell
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/services/CVTReconstruction.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @fbossu @baltzell @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/services/CVTSecondPassEngine.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/services/CosmicTracksRec.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/services/RecUtilities.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/services/TracksFromTargetRec.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/svt/SVTGeometry.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/svt/SVTParameters.java <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/track/Cell.java @raffaelladevita @fbossu <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/track/MakerCA.java @fbossu @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/track/Seed.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @fbossu
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/track/StraightTrack.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @zieglerv
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/track/StraightTrackCandListFinder.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/track/StraightTrackSeeder.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/track/Track.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @fbossu @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/track/TrackSeeder.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @fbossu
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/track/TrackSeederCA.java @fbossu <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/track/TrackSeederRZ.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/track/TrackSeederSVTLinker.java <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/track/TrackSeederXY.java <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/trajectory/Helix.java <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/trajectory/Ray.java <Veronique Ziegler> @c-dilks @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/trajectory/StateVec.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/trajectory/Trajectory.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/trajectory/TrajectoryFinder.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @zieglerv @fbossu @Guillaum-C @naharrison
reconstruction/cvt/src/test/java/org/jlab/rec/cvt/services/CVTReconstructionTest.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison
reconstruction/dc/README.md @naharrison
reconstruction/dc/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @drewkenjo <Vardan Gyurjyan>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/Constants.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @baltzell @mcontalb @hauenst @naharrison <Tongtong Cao> <Vardan Gyurjyan> <mcontalb>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/DCTranslationTable.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/banks/Banks.java @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/banks/HitReader.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @baltzell @latifkabir @naharrison <Vardan Gyurjyan>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/banks/RecoBankWriter.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @c-dilks @gavalian @naharrison <Vardan Gyurjyan>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/cluster/Cluster.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/cluster/ClusterCleanerUtilities.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/cluster/ClusterFinder.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison <Vardan Gyurjyan>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/cluster/ClusterFitter.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @raffaelladevita <Tongtong Cao>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/cluster/FittedCluster.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/cross/Cross.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison <Tongtong Cao>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/cross/CrossList.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/cross/CrossListFinder.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/cross/CrossMaker.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/hit/FittedHit.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison <Tongtong Cao> <Vardan Gyurjyan> @zieglerv
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/hit/Hit.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/nn/PatternRec.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/segment/Segment.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison <Tongtong Cao>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/segment/SegmentFinder.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @raffaelladevita <Tongtong Cao>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/timetodistance/T2DFunctions.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/timetodistance/TableLoader.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @baltzell @latifkabir @naharrison
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/timetodistance/TimeToDistanceEstimator.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/track/Track.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @c-dilks @naharrison
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/track/TrackCandListFinder.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @c-dilks @naharrison <Vardan Gyurjyan>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/track/TrackListFinder.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/track/fit/KFitterDoca.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita <tongtongcao>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/track/fit/MeasVecsDoca.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/track/fit/RungeKuttaDoca.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @bleaktwig
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/track/fit/StateVecsDoca.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @bleaktwig <Tongtong Cao>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/track/fit/basefit/LineFitPars.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/track/fit/basefit/LineFitter.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/trajectory/Road.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/trajectory/RoadFinder.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison <Tongtong Cao>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/trajectory/SegmentTrajectory.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/trajectory/StateVec.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/trajectory/Surface.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/trajectory/TrackVec.java @raffaelladevita <Tongtong Cao> <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/trajectory/Trajectory.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison <mcontalb>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/trajectory/TrajectoryFinder.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/trajectory/TrajectorySurfaces.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @baltzell <mcontalb>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/dc/trajectory/Vertex.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/dc/DCEngine.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @baltzell @c-dilks @hauenst
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/dc/DCHBClustering.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/dc/DCHBEngine.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @baltzell @drewkenjo @c-dilks @naharrison <Vardan Gyurjyan>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/dc/DCHBPostClusterAI.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/dc/DCHBPostClusterConv.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/dc/DCTBEngine.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita <Noemie Pilleux-LOCAL> @baltzell @drewkenjo @c-dilks @hauenst @naharrison
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/dc/DCTBEngineAI.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/dc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/dc/LayerEfficiencyAnalyzer.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @baltzell
reconstruction/dc/src/test/java/org/jlab/service/dc/DCReconstructionTest.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @baltzell <marmstr4>
reconstruction/eb/README.md @baltzell @c-dilks @naharrison
reconstruction/eb/doc/EBCCDB.png @baltzell
reconstruction/eb/doc/dst.md @baltzell @c-dilks @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/eb/doc/ftof-bvsp-May2018a.png @baltzell
reconstruction/eb/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison <Sylvester Joosten> <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/monitor/eb/ParticleReconstruction.java @baltzell @naharrison
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/monitor/eb/ReactionAnalysis.java @baltzell @naharrison
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/monitor/eb/ReconstructionMonitor.java @baltzell @naharrison
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/eb/EBCCDBConstants.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/eb/EBCCDBEnum.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/eb/EBConstants.java @baltzell
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/eb/EBRadioFrequency.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/eb/EBScalers.java @baltzell
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/eb/EBUtil.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/eb/SamplingFractions.java @baltzell
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/eb/Versions.java @baltzell
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/eb/EBAnalyzer.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita @josnewton @naharrison
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/eb/EBEngine.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita @josnewton @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/eb/EBHBAIEngine.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/eb/EBHBEngine.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell @josnewton <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/eb/EBMatching.java @baltzell
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/eb/EBTBAIEngine.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/eb/EBTBEngine.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita @josnewton <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/eb/EBio.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/eb/EventBuilder.java @baltzell @josnewton @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/eb/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/eb/VersionEngine.java @baltzell
reconstruction/eb/src/test/java/org/jlab/service/eb/EBReconstructionTest.java @baltzell <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/ec/README.md @naharrison
reconstruction/ec/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/ec/src/main/java/org/jlab/display/ec/ECDisplay.java @forcar @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/ec/src/main/java/org/jlab/display/ec/ECMonitor.java @naharrison
reconstruction/ec/src/main/java/org/jlab/display/ec/ECPion.java-DISABLED @baltzell
reconstruction/ec/src/main/java/org/jlab/display/ec/ECPionFinder.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/ec/src/main/java/org/jlab/display/ec/ECRECMonitor.java @gavalian
reconstruction/ec/src/main/java/org/jlab/display/ec/Renderer.java @baltzell
reconstruction/ec/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ec/ECCluster.java @forcar @baltzell @naharrison <colesmith>
reconstruction/ec/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ec/ECCommon.java @forcar <colesmith> @baltzell @raffaelladevita @gavalian @forcar @naharrison <Rafayel Paremuzyan>
reconstruction/ec/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ec/ECEngine.java @forcar <colesmith> @baltzell @raffaelladevita @gavalian @naharrison <Rafayel Paremuzyan>
reconstruction/ec/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ec/ECPeak.java @forcar @gavalian @baltzell @naharrison <Rafayel Paremuzyan> @raffaelladevita <colesmith>
reconstruction/ec/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ec/ECPeakAnalysis.java @forcar <colesmith> @baltzell @naharrison
reconstruction/ec/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ec/ECPeakSplitter.java @baltzell
reconstruction/ec/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ec/ECStrip.java @forcar <colesmith> @gavalian @baltzell @naharrison <Rafayel Paremuzyan> @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/ec/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/swim/CoatFastMath.java @naharrison
reconstruction/ec/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/swim/MagF.java @naharrison
reconstruction/ec/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/swim/SwimEngine.java.old @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/ec/src/test/java/org/jlab/service/ec/ECReconstructionTest.java @baltzell @naharrison @forcar @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/fmt/pom.xml @baltzell @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/fmt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/fmt/Constants.java @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/fmt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/fmt/banks/RecoBankWriter.java @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/fmt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/fmt/cluster/Cluster.java @raffaelladevita @c-dilks
reconstruction/fmt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/fmt/cross/Cross.java @raffaelladevita @c-dilks
reconstruction/fmt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/fmt/hit/Hit.java @raffaelladevita @c-dilks @baltzell
reconstruction/fmt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/fmt/track/Track.java @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/fmt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/fmt/track/Trajectory.java @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/fmt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/fmt/track/fit/KFitter.java @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/fmt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/fmt/track/fit/MeasVecs.java @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/fmt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/fmt/track/fit/RungeKutta.java @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/fmt/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/fmt/track/fit/StateVecs.java @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/fmt/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/fmt/FMTEngine.java @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/ft/README.md @naharrison
reconstruction/ft/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/FTConstants.java @afilippi67 @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/FTEBEngine.java @raffaelladevita @afilippi67 @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/FTEventBuilder.java @afilippi67 @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/FTParticle.java @afilippi67 @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/FTResponse.java @afilippi67 @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/cal/FTCALCluster.java @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/cal/FTCALConstantsLoader.java @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/cal/FTCALEngine.java @raffaelladevita @afilippi67 @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/cal/FTCALHit.java @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/cal/FTCALReconstruction.java @raffaelladevita @afilippi67 @baltzell @naharrison
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/hodo/FTHODOCluster.java @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/hodo/FTHODOConstantsLoader.java @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/hodo/FTHODOEngine.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/hodo/FTHODOHit.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/hodo/FTHODOReconstruction.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/trk/FTTRKCluster.java @afilippi67 @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/trk/FTTRKConstantsLoader.java @raffaelladevita @afilippi67
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/trk/FTTRKCross.java @afilippi67 @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/trk/FTTRKEngine.java @afilippi67 @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/trk/FTTRKHit.java @raffaelladevita @afilippi67
reconstruction/ft/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ft/trk/FTTRKReconstruction.java @afilippi67 @raffaelladevita @baltzell
reconstruction/ft/src/test/java/org/jlab/service/ft/FTEBEngineTest.java @raffaelladevita @afilippi67
reconstruction/ft/src/test/java/org/jlab/service/ft/FTTRKEngineTest.java @afilippi67
reconstruction/htcc/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/htcc/src/main/java/.classpath @markovnick
reconstruction/htcc/src/main/java/.project @markovnick
reconstruction/htcc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/htcc/.gitignore @markovnick
reconstruction/htcc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/htcc/Geom.java @naharrison
reconstruction/htcc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/htcc/HTCCCluster.java @markovnick @naharrison
reconstruction/htcc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/htcc/HTCCReconstruction.java @raffaelladevita @baltzell @markovnick @naharrison
reconstruction/htcc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/htcc/package-info.java @naharrison
reconstruction/htcc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/htcc/.gitignore @markovnick
reconstruction/htcc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/htcc/HTCCReconstructionService.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita @naharrison @markovnick
reconstruction/ltcc/.gitignore @naharrison
reconstruction/ltcc/LICENSE @naharrison
reconstruction/ltcc/README.md @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/ltcc/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler> <Sylvester Joosten>
reconstruction/ltcc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ltcc/LTCCCluster.java @naharrison <Sylvester Joosten> <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/ltcc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ltcc/LTCCClusterCorrection.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/ltcc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ltcc/LTCCClusterFinder.java @naharrison
reconstruction/ltcc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ltcc/LTCCEngine.java @baltzell @naharrison @raffaelladevita <Sylvester Joosten>
reconstruction/ltcc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ltcc/LTCCHit.java <Sylvester Joosten> @baltzell @raffaelladevita @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/ltcc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ltcc/viewer/LTCCClusterHistos.java <Sylvester Joosten>
reconstruction/ltcc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ltcc/viewer/LTCCHistogrammer.java <Sylvester Joosten>
reconstruction/ltcc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ltcc/viewer/LTCCHitHistos.java <Sylvester Joosten>
reconstruction/ltcc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ltcc/viewer/LTCCViewer.java <Sylvester Joosten>
reconstruction/mc/pom.xml @baltzell @raffaelladevita <Rafayel Paremuzyan>
reconstruction/mc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/mc/Figs/ClustersInRecParticle.png <Rafayel Paremuzyan>
reconstruction/mc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/mc/Figs/ExampleStatWord.png <Rafayel Paremuzyan>
reconstruction/mc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/mc/Figs/HitsInCluster.png <Rafayel Paremuzyan>
reconstruction/mc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/mc/Figs/Layer_Bits.png <Rafayel Paremuzyan>
reconstruction/mc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/mc/README.md @c-dilks @baltzell
reconstruction/mc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/mc/TruthMatch.java <Rafayel Paremuzyan> <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/mltn/pom.xml @baltzell @raffaelladevita @gavalian
reconstruction/mltn/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/mltn/MLTDEngine.java @gavalian @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/mltn/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/mltn/MLTNEngine.java @gavalian @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell <Veronique Ziegler> <dcpayette> @gavalian @mathieuouillon @naharrison <Rafayel Paremuzyan>
reconstruction/raster/pom.xml @baltzell @raffaelladevita <Noemie Pilleux-LOCAL>
reconstruction/raster/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/raster/RasterEngine.java @raffaelladevita <Noemie Pilleux-LOCAL>
reconstruction/rich/README.md @drewkenjo
reconstruction/rich/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison @drewkenjo <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/Quaternion.java @raffaelladevita @mcontalb <mcontalb>
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHCalibration.java <mcontalb>
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHCluster.java @drewkenjo @mcontalb @raffaelladevita <mcontalb>
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHConstants.java <mcontalb> @raffaelladevita @drewkenjo @mcontalb
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHEBEngine.java @raffaelladevita <mcontalb> @mcontalb @drewkenjo @baltzell <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHEdge.java @drewkenjo @mcontalb <mcontalb>
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHEvent.java @mcontalb @raffaelladevita <mcontalb>
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHEventBuilder.java @raffaelladevita <mcontalb> @drewkenjo @mcontalb
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHHit.java @mcontalb @raffaelladevita <mcontalb> @drewkenjo
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHPMTReconstruction.java @raffaelladevita @drewkenjo @mcontalb @baltzell <mcontalb>
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHParameters.java @mcontalb <mcontalb>
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHParticle.java <mcontalb> @mcontalb @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHRayTrace.java <mcontalb>
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHRecoType.java <mcontalb>
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHSolution.java @mcontalb <mcontalb> @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHTime.java <mcontalb>
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHUtil.java <mcontalb>
reconstruction/rich/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rich/RICHio.java <mcontalb> @raffaelladevita @mcontalb
reconstruction/rtpc/README.md <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell <dcpayette> @mathieuouillon <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/Geometry.java <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/KalmanFilter/Hit.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/KalmanFilter/Indicator.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/KalmanFilter/KFitter.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/KalmanFilter/KalmanFitter.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/KalmanFilter/KalmanFitterInfo.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/KalmanFilter/Propagator.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/KalmanFilter/RungeKutta4.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/KalmanFilter/Stepper.java @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/banks/HitReader.java <dcpayette> @baltzell
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/banks/RecoBankWriter.java <dcpayette> <hattawy> @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/banks/package.html <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/ADCMap.java <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/FinalTrackInfo.java <dcpayette> @mathieuouillon
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/HelixFitJava.java <dcpayette> @c-dilks <hattawy>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/HelixFitObject.java <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/HelixFitTest.java <dcpayette> <hattawy>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/Hit.java <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/HitDistance.java <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/HitParameters.java <dcpayette> <hattawy>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/HitReconstruction.java <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/HitVector.java <dcpayette> <hattawy>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/PadVector.java <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/RecoHitVector.java <dcpayette> <hattawy>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/ReducedTrack.java <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/ReducedTrackMap.java <hattawy> <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/SignalSimulation.java <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/TimeAverage.java <dcpayette> <hattawy> @c-dilks
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/Track.java <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/TrackDisentangler.java <dcpayette> <hattawy>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/TrackFinder.java <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/TrackHitReco.java <dcpayette> <hattawy>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/TrackMap.java <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/TrackUtils.java <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/hit/package.html <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/rtpc/package.html <dcpayette>
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/rtpc/RTPCEngine.java <dcpayette> @mathieuouillon <hattawy> @dpayette @baltzell @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/rtpc/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/rtpc/package-info.java <dcpayette>
reconstruction/swaps/pom.xml @baltzell @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/swaps/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/swaps/SwapEngine.java @baltzell
reconstruction/tof/README.md @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/nbactions.xml <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/pom.xml @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler> @drewkenjo
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ctof/Constants.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ctof/package-info.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ftof/Constants.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/ftof/package-info.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/banks/BaseHit.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/banks/BaseHitReader.java <Veronique Ziegler> @baltzell @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/banks/FTOFMatch.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/banks/IBaseHit.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/banks/IMatchedHit.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/banks/ctof/HitReader.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/banks/ctof/RecoBankWriter.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/banks/ctof/TrackReader.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/banks/ctof/package-info.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/banks/ftof/HitReader.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/banks/ftof/RecoBankWriter.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @gavalian @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/banks/ftof/TrackReader.java <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/banks/ftof/package-info.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/banks/package-info.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/cluster/Cluster.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/cluster/ClusterFinder.java @raffaelladevita @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/cluster/ftof/ClusterMatcher.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/cluster/ftof/package-info.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/cluster/package-info.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/hit/AHit.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/hit/IGetCalibrationParams.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/hit/RawOrder.java @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/hit/ctof/Hit.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/hit/ctof/package-info.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/hit/ftof/Hit.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/hit/ftof/package-info.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/hit/package-info.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/package-info.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/tof/track/Track.java @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ctof/CTOFEngine.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita @baltzell @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ctof/package-info.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ftof/FTOFEngine.java @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler> @baltzell @naharrison
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ftof/FTOFHBEngine.java <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ftof/FTOFTBEngine.java <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/tof/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/ftof/package-info.java @naharrison <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/urwell/pom.xml @baltzell @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/urwell/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/urwell/URWellCluster.java @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/urwell/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/urwell/URWellConstants.java @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/urwell/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/urwell/URWellCross.java @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/urwell/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/urwell/URWellEngine.java @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/urwell/src/main/java/org/jlab/service/urwell/URWellStrip.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/vtx/pom.xml @baltzell @raffaelladevita <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/vtx/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/service/vtx/VTXReconstruction.java <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/vtx/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/vtx/TrackParsHelix.java <Veronique Ziegler> @raffaelladevita
reconstruction/vtx/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/vtx/Vertex.java <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/vtx/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/vtx/VertexFinder.java <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/vtx/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/vtx/banks/Reader.java <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/vtx/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/vtx/banks/Writer.java <Veronique Ziegler>
reconstruction/vtx/src/main/java/org/jlab/rec/vtx/banks/package.html <Veronique Ziegler>
spotbugs-exclude.xml @naharrison
validation/README-deprecated.md @baltzell
validation/advanced-tests/.gitignore @baltzell
validation/advanced-tests/run-advanced-tests.sh @naharrison @baltzell @raffaelladevita <Vardan Gyurjyan> <Veronique Ziegler>
validation/advanced-tests/run-eb-tests-all.sh @baltzell
validation/advanced-tests/run-eb-tests.sh @baltzell @raffaelladevita
validation/advanced-tests/src/eb/EBTwoTrackTest.java @baltzell @raffaelladevita
validation/advanced-tests/src/eb/scripts/.gitignore @baltzell
validation/advanced-tests/src/eb/scripts/gemc-all.sh @baltzell
validation/advanced-tests/src/eb/scripts/gemc.sh @baltzell
validation/advanced-tests/src/eb/scripts/gen.groovy @baltzell @c-dilks
validation/advanced-tests/src/eb/scripts/gen.sh @baltzell
validation/advanced-tests/src/eb/scripts/list.txt @baltzell
validation/advanced-tests/src/kpptracking/KppTrackingTest.java @naharrison @raffaelladevita @baltzell
validation/advanced-tests/test-run-groovy.groovy @c-dilks
validation/jacoco-aggregate.sh @c-dilks
validation/lib/hamcrest-core-1.3.jar @baltzell
validation/lib/junit-4.12.jar @baltzell
version-bump.sh @baltzell
